Update to contrib 1.12.8 (#7341)
dapr/dapr: docs/release_notes/v1.12.3.md

- [Fix timeouts in HTTP service invocation when resiliency policies with timeouts are applied](#fix-timeouts-in-http-service-invocation-when-resiliency-policies-with-timeouts-are-applied)
- [Fix dissemination of placement tables](#fix-dissemination-of-placement-tables)
- [Fix SQL Server state store not working with correctly case-sensitive collations](#fix-sql-server-state-store-not-working-correctly-with-case-sensitive-collations)

> - [Fix Kafka Pub/sub consumer bottlenecks and long startup times when subscribing to multiple topics](#fix-kafka-pub/sub-consumers)

Reviewer: Link was broken
```suggestion
- [Fix Kafka Pub/sub consumer bottlenecks and long startup times when subscribing to multiple topics](#fix-kafka-pubsub-consumer-bottlenecks-with-multiple-topics)
```

Author: Yeah forgot to save additional changes on local file before pushing

### Solution

We updated the stored procedure so it does use the correct case for column names.

> ## Fix dissemination of placement tables
> 
> ### Problem
> 
> Placement nodes acquire a lock, disseminate the tables, and release the lock in parallel. The Placement stream disconnects before the dissemination of tables.
> 
> ```
> Error invoke actor method: failed to invoke target x after 3 retries
> ```
> 
> Placement server logs:
> 
> ```
> level=error msg="Stream is disconnected before member is added
> ```
> 
> ### Impact
> 
> Impacts users running Dapr 1.12.0-1.12.2
> 
> ### Root cause
> 
> Dissemination did not use a background context. The logic to acquire a lock, disseminate the tables, and release the lock were all occurring in parallel.
> 
> ### Solution
> 
> Updated the Dapr Placement service to use a background context and follow a 3 step process to acquire a lock, disseminate the tables, and release the lock.
> 

Reviewer: This is duplicate

```suggestion
```
